Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture region, I applaud your products images.
So, database.
Okay, Nova.
Yeah.
You're going to need to click on create for the they're going to call just for the products.
Okay.
Click on heart for the.
This it's going to take some time.
Okay, great.
Now you're going to need to go into this.
Okay.
And then you're going to need to click on upload fi.
Then I'll go to pictures.
Okay.
And then.
You okay?
Okay.
We can just upload any as well.
Sorry.
A blood fly.
And this.
Right.
Okay.
You're going to need to copy the URL of the image.
FYI location.
Okay.
Copy.
Okay, then first, faster database.
Right.
Okay.
And products.
Right.
Okay.
Click on this to edit the field and get rid of this.
And here's this.
So I think this is not.
This is not at all.
What you can just do is go back to this.
Okay.
And her doubts.
I'm going to open this in the new tab.
Okay.
Copy the URL.
Yes.
And head back to your faster database.
Okay.
And it did field.
Sorry.
No click on update via added field.
Get rid of this, this and this.
Okay, then click on updates.
Okay, great.
Okay.
We're going to do now for the I have over two storage.
Okay products.
I remember to.
Right.
Okay.
Or put this in a new tab as well and copy the URL.
Faster database and.
Okay.
You're going to need to go to this and.
I did the field.
Get rid of this.
And then is this okay?
Great.
Okay.
Okay, guys, in in this lecture, we are then going to fetch this products.
Okay?
Okay, guys, seen in this lecture.